4 platforms used naukri, linkednn, indeed, glassdoor 

JD -1 
Hands on experience with Ericsson equipment especially 6630 and 6675.
Configuration and fault management
Alarm monitoring
Should be able to do upgrades and create baselines
Should have good knowledge of LTE and 5G radio parameters
Should be able to create term points, 4G and 5G relations at a minimum.
Good understanding of 4G and 5G frequencies.
Should be familiar with 4G and 5G architecture and call flows at least at a basic level.
Familiar with NAS and RRC protocols
Good to have E/// radio hardware knowledge.
Hands on experience on testing VoLTE/5G call flows
Hands on experience on Mobile device testing
Hands on experience on Automation

JD -2 
Should have a hands on experience working with Cisco routers and switches
Should be an expert in working with routing protocols (RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, IGRP, and BGP).
Knowledge of configuring Medium end Cisco routers.
Knowledge in working with multi-layer switching.
Candidate should have excellent exposure working with LAN and WAN environment.

JD -3
Essential Skills/Basic Qualifications:
Handling Cisco products like Routers, switches.
Hands-on experience in Cisco ACI, Nexus
Hands-on experience with F5 BIGIP load balancers
Fortinet Juniper, Checkpoint and Cisco ASA firewalls
Desirable skills/Preferred Qualifications:
Cisco - CCIE/CCNP (RS/security) certified
Fortigate FCNSA
F5 CTS-LTM, CTS-GTM
Python, Ansible, shell scripting

JD -4 
Network and security Lead in a LAN/WAN/Security environment.
L2 Network Architect.
Maintaining Cisco 9500 and 9300 Switches, Cisco Nexus 7000 ,5000 and 2000 Switches
Strong technical knowledge on Cisco 9500 and 9300 devices,F5 LTM and Cisco Ace LB
Good eposure to management and troubleshooting of complex switching & routing enviornments.
Managing F5 Load Balancers: health monitors, iRules, pool creation, creation of VIPs, F5 synchronize, taking F5 backups, generating CSR files, certificate installation.Strong technical knowledge on troubleshooting Cisco series Routers, switches and Checkpoint , Palo Alto Firewalls.
Knowledge and hands on experience of monitoring tools like Net flow and Solar Winds '
Confident in managing complex Data Centers.
Knowledge on SDWAN

JD -5
2 - 3 years of experience with network administration environment
Knowledge of IP networking fundamentals.
Understanding of networking concepts (LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, Routing Protocols (Static, RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP), Switching Technologies (VLAN, VTP, STP, Port-Channel, HSRP/VRRP, Port Security) , DHCP, DNS ,TFTP,FTP ), Windows, Linux, and application fundamental concepts.
Maintain, implement, and troubleshoot networks.
Configure and operate routers and switches.
Upgrade the Routers/Switches to New IOS version.
Monitor network performance and make recommendations based on performance analysis
Diagnose and resolve hardware, software, and other network and system issues.
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) or similar certification preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work on-call as needed and respond to emergencies promptly.

JD -6
Hands-on on experience for Installation/Support of Desktop/Laptop & Server Support 
Installation & Support experience for Operating System(Win10, Win Server) Antivirus, Standard Software 
Installation and Support for IT Peripherals & Network Device like Printer, Wireless, Routers/Firewall and other IT Assets 
Support on Network Equipment in the and Remote Support 
Providing Onsite & Remote Technical Support to Users 
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware 
Knowledge of Email servers & Backup systems is preferred

JD -7
Participate in Network lifecycle management through network build and/or upgrade projects.
Collaborate with program/project managers to develop milestones and deliverables. 
Will primarily use existing procedures and tools to develop and safely execute network change. 
However, may have to develop new procedures from time to time. Serve as technical lead for team projects.
Contributes to the development of roadmap issues. Leads development of new runbooks and methods of procedures
Mentors junior engineers. Participates in network solution and architecture design process. 
Responsibility for developing standalone features. Participate in operational rotations as either primary or secondary.
Provide break-fix support for events. Serve as an escalation point for event remediation. Lead post-event root cause analysis. 
Coordinate with networking automation services for the development and integration of support tooling. 
Frequently develops scripts to automate routine tasks for team and business units. Serves as SME on software development projects for network automation.
Supports network vendor software bug fixes. 
Collaborate with network vendor technical account team and internal Quality Assurance team to drive bug resolution and assist in the qualification of new firmware and/or operating systems.

JD -8
Experience in Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (i.e., DWDM), routing topology, and architecture.
Experience in either Optical or IP network operations.
Knowledge of basic scripting/programming (e.g., Python/Apps Script/SQL).
Understanding of networking and fundamentals of network troubleshooting at both Layer 1 and Layer 3.
Ability to participate in shift work in a network operations center environment.
Excellent troubleshooting skills of DWDM and Routing systems.

JD -9
Provide technical services and support in the following areas:
Network level: WAN and LAN Connectivity, Routers Firewalls and Switches
Network Infrastructure.
Configuration know how of Firewalls, Cisco routers and switches.
Project Management Skills
Participate in the administration and maintenance of the Network
Equipment (Firewall, Switches, Routers, Wifi Devices & NMS)
Any other task related to IT Infra Projects (Such as Supervision of LAN Cabling and other related items such as Racks and Its dressing)
Good communication skills in English.
L2 level knowledge of routing/switching & Firewall configuration & working.
Knowledge of Wi-Fi configuration and working.
Vendor management knowledge.
Documentation skill to maintain NW designs, Inventory & other project related documents.
CCNA, CCNP Required

JD -10
Knowledge in Implementation of Cisco firewalls, routers, switches, wireless access points and controllers
Plan, Design and add additional sites and datacentres
Highly demonstrable knowledge
Routing OSPF, RIPv2, BGP, EIGRP
LAN Redundancy Protocol HSRP/VRRP
Network monitoring tools: - Expertise in SolarWinds for monitoring Network Devices is preferred
WAN Technology MPLS, Point-to-Point, Internet, IPSec, GRE, Client to Site VPN and SSL-VPN
Familiarity with: VLAN, Large Scale Wireless Deployments
Hands on experience with configuration, installation, troubleshooting and supporting of Cisco firewall
Hands-on technical experience working with VPN technologies (IPSEC, SSL VPN, Web VPN, Any Connect, DMVPN, etc.)
Hands-on technical experience in LAN Networking - IP addressing, Access list, Switching, VLAN, VTP, Inter-VLAN Routing
Implement the necessary controls and procedures to protect information systems assets from intentional or inadvertent modification, disclosure, or destruction
Capacity management and audit of IP addressing and hosted devices within data center
Work with Network Vendors for escalation and issue resolution

JD -11
2 years in a network operations environment in support of customer networks OR
2 years in a technical support role interacting with contacts via phone and ticketing system AND
Hands-on experience with live production Cisco and Juniper network devices
Administer and configure Cisco and Juniper routers/switches, implement firmware changes, OS releases and other software upgrades.
Troubleshoot router/network performance problems on a live production network
Troubleshoot circuit problems for commercially lit services and self-lit dark fiber services
Prepare announcements for maintenance activities or network outages
Understanding of network security, secure configuration of network devices, and the use of network devices to secure networks of computing systems, including configuring and maintaining ACLs, knowledge of firewalls, and intrusion detection systems.
Experience with installing, upgrading, and securing network equipment and services

JD -12
1-2 years of solid understanding of networking principles, protocols, and technologies.
1-2 years of proficiency in configuring and troubleshooting routers, switches, firewalls, and other network devices.
1-2 years of experience with network security practices and technologies.
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work well under pressure.
Bachelor’s degree in related field, and/or equivalent experience.

JD -13
University degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related subject.
Proven experience as a Network Engineer in a similar or larger organisation
6 years related experience in network engineering
Deep understanding of networking protocols. Solid understanding of the OSI or TCP/IP model. Familiarity with Microsoft Active Directory, load balancers, DHCP, DNS.
Good understanding of cloud networking components, AWS is preferred.
Hands-on experience with monitoring, network diagnostic and network analytics tools.
Proven experience and success with LAN, SDWAN, WLAN, Firewalls and VPC design and implementation.
Solid understanding of network security principles, including access control, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems.
Proven experience with network capacity planning, network security principles, and general network management best practices.
Able to effectively prioritize tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Strong customer service orientation.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.

JD -14
Extensive knowledge and experience with campus, datacenter and cloud network technologies and protocols.
Practical experience with enterprise firewall platforms and securing enterprise networks. Must be able to configure and support Cisco ASA and Firepower platforms as well as Palo Alto Networks firewalls and Panorama.
Ability to troubleshoot and resolve problems as well as identify deficiencies and promote solutions to improve the network.
Demonstratable experience with 802.1X, DNS, DHCP, SNMP, VPN, firewalls, routing, switching and network security.
Experience with IPv6.
Strong understanding of Software defined networking technologies.
Experience with cloud networking to include AWS and/or Azure
Must be comfortable working in a multi-vendor environment and integrating best of breed solutions.
Administrator level experience on Windows or Linux operating systems.
Ability to work onsite at the customer's location in Alexandria, VA one day a week plus as needed.
On-call rotation for after-hours and weekend support.
Ability to work nights and weekends for operational troubleshooting, maintenance and any other special circumstances.
Self-starting individual with the ability to work independently on issues with minimal supervision.
Detail-oriented with strong analytical skills and a strong customer focus/
﻿Active Cisco CCNA or CCNP preferred
Experience with 802.1x
Strong secondary experience in one or more of the following areas:
AWS/Azure networking
Cisco Routing/Switching
Cisco Datacenter (Nexus, UCS)
Cisco ISE
Cisco WiFi
Palo Alto Networks
Cisco ASA/FirePower

JD -15
Administering and implementing various Wired and Wireless Networking solutions for small and medium-sized client environments
Advanced understanding of Network Security Policies, Monitoring Tools and Network troubleshooting, both remote and onsite
Ability to migrate and upgrade client environments. Projects may include but not limited to Windows Servers, Local to Cloud (Azure/AWS), Microsoft Exchange, Active Directory, RDS, VMware, switches, routers and firewalls
Basic Windows Server and Network maintenance
Installation and troubleshooting of various IT solutions
Troubleshoot advanced issues escalated from Tier 1 and Tier 2 support
7+ years of Wired and Wireless Networking
Consulting or client facing work experience
Ability to design and implement VLAN structure into an existing layer-2 only network
Solid understanding of network concepts and troubleshooting related to switching, routing, firewalls, and wireless
Cisco, Juniper, Sonicwall, or Aruba experience is a plus
Understanding of current security and threat-management solutions
