4 platforms used naukri, linkednn, indeed, glassdoor 

JD-1
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in CS and having built projects in web development.
Hands-on backend web development experience.
1+ Years Experience working on Large scale Applications in backend web development (Node.js).
Strong proficiency with JavaScript (ES6 and above).
Knowledge of Node.js and frameworks available for it (such as Express etc depending on your technology stack)
Proficient knowledge of a backend programming language and an in-depth understanding of web development.
Knowledgeable of front-end technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.
Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors.
Proven experience creating user authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments.
Capability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system.
Proven experience managing the hosting environment, that includes database administration and scaling an application to support load changes.
Ability to set up, administer backups, data migration, transformation, and scripting.

JD-2
 Proficient in at least one of the object-oriented programming language such as Java, Python, Ruby
• Knowledge of No-SQL Database technologies, Caching data stores, Queuing systems and Search technologies.
• Experience with version control tools (SVN or Git)
• Proficiency in Computer Science fundamentals – object oriented design, data structures, algorithm - design, and complexity analysis
• Excellent problem-solving skills
• Good with the Design patterns and architecture solution to large scale applications.
• Hands on experience on building highly-available, scalable systems

JD-3
having 2-5 years of experience in product development, architecture, and design
constantly learning and looking for ways to improve yourself and the processes around you
mentoring and supporting other team members by doing code reviews and applying your experience in process and technical leadership
working in an agile team environment and are a self-starter, conscientious member of the team
passionate to code, but also you’re awesome at it
good to have golang skill

JD-4
2-4 years of experience as a dedicated server-side software engineer, with a focus on backend services.
Working knowledge of Golang/Node.js, MySQL and MongoDB/ScyllaDB, or a willingness to learn.
Exposure to architectural patterns of large, high-scale web applications, including well-designed APIs and efficient algorithms.
Exceptional enthusiasm for distributed systems, concurrent programming, and scalable design.
Good-to-have knowledge of operating systems and computer networking.

JD -5
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field
At least 8+ years of experience in application development
At least 3 years experience with a public cloud (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud)
Master's Degree in Computer Science or a related field
At least 10+ years of experience in application development using Java, Python or Node.js
5+ years of experience in distributed microservices
3+ years of experience in full stack development
3+ years of experience with AWS. AWS Certification is a plus.
2+ years of experience in Agile practice

JD -6
Bachelors/Master in Computer Science or equivalent. College is important, but your passion for computer science is most important
3-5 years of experience the industry solving complex problems from scratch
Prior experience and comfort with handling complex systems
Ability to build scalable, sustainable, reliable and secure products that generate user love
Ability to bring new practices, architectural choices and new initiatives onto the table to make overall tech stack more robust
History and familiarity with server side architecture based on APIs, databases, infrastructure and systems.
Ability to own the technical road map for systems/components

JD -7
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science and years of Software Development experience
Your years of experience, pedigree, last role is all good to know. But, what we truly value is your knowledge, ideation, agility, team-spirit, can-do attitude and farsightedness.
1-3 years post-qualification experience in the startup ecosystem, experience in the Fintech space will be an advantage.
Proven track record of building large-scale, highly available, low latency, high quality distributed systems and software products.
Possess an extremely sound understanding of basic areas of Computer Science such as Algorithms, Data Structures, Object Oriented Design, Databases
Proficiency in one low-level language – C++ or Java.
You should have exposure of working with senior stakeholders like Leadership team, Risk team.
You should be responsible, transparent, reliable & accountable with good stakeholder management skills.

JD -8
Passionate about making backend systems.
Desire to explore new ideas, open to other ideas as well.
Love for writing clean, beautiful, readable and testable code.
Experience in designing extensible DRY code.
Our stack is based on Django, Python 3 Celery, Angular and Postgres.
We expect you to have good understanding of Python. It is even better if you are familiar with some of Git, Django, Celery, Redis and Unix shell.

JD -9
3+ years of professional experience in development/software engineering
Expertise in C#
Experience with REST services and JSON
Understanding of unit testing best practices and mocking frameworks
Proficiency in Git version control
Nice to Have:

Proficiency in SQL
Cloud platform experience (Azure, AWS, Google)
Scripting (PowerShell, Bash, etc)
CI/CD pipeline strategies and development
Containerization experience (Docker)
Knowledge of microservices architecture and principles

JD -10
3+ years of experience building web applications
Ability to write clean, well designed, and scalable code
First-hand professional experience with Ruby on Rails
Desire to work in a collaborative environment: interactions with the leadership team, product managers, and customer success teams
Knowledge of databases and backend experience

JD -11
3-6 years working with Ruby on Rails or a similar backend framework
3-6 years of experience with Postgres or other relational databases
1-2 years building CI/CD pipelines
Experience deploying applications
Experience logging and monitoring backend applications
Experience with backend unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests
Ability to work autonomously and set priorities
Experience building technical consensus on design decisions
Ability to create and communicate technical project plans
Ability to take ownership of technical improvements and tech debt improvements
Willingness to work full stack when needed
Collaborative, team player with a willingness to receive feedback and learn from others

JD - 12
3+ years of experience in backend software engineering
Experience working on a fast-paced engineering team, ideally an early stage startup
A product-oriented mindset and commitment to delivering amazing products for customers
Experience architecting, building and maintaining SAAS platforms
Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Experience with Go
Bonus: Experience in the information security field
Bonus: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field
Bonus: Exposure to Typescript, React, Postgres, AWS, and Microservices

JD - 13
Should have working experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Responsive designs, BootStrap, JS Frameworks like JQuery, AngularJS.
Must have strong development skills in Ajax, Core PHP, Advanced / OOPS PHP, Laravel, CodeIgniter and Wordpress.
Understanding requirements, doing impact analysis followed by execution.
Should be able to deliver a quality product within a stipulated period.
Should have a strong experience in end-to-end project management.
Should have strong analytical, problem-solving and decision making capabilities.
Should have superior written and verbal skills to communicate with the development team in a proper manner.
Must have knowledge of being efficient with resource usage (like caches appropriately, impact of application on memory and CPU etc).
Must have knowledge of monitoring resource usage to improve the performance of the websites.
Should have strong knowledge about the software development methodologies like Agile, Iterative etc.
Must be proactive to deal with multiple projects under tight timelines.
Must have experience in developing full-fledged web applications.
Must have hands-on experience in the web services/API development.
Should have an in-depth understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.
Must know how to integrate payment gateways into a web application and admin panels.
Must have hands-on knowledge of identifying and solving common PHP or web server exploit issues.
Should be well-versed in MVC design patterns.
Must have a strong understanding of benefits as well as limitations of PHP platform and its workarounds.
Must be proficient in creating the database schemas that represent and support business processes.
Should be familiar with a relational and non-relational databases like MySQL and MongoDB along with their respective declarative query languages.
Must have hands-on experience of any of the source code control system like git, CVS, SourceSafe, Subversion, Mercurial etc.
Should have knowledge about how to write clean, human-readable code with proper documentation, comments & unit tests.
Hands-on experience on psd to wordpress custom theme development.

JD - 14
Bachelors degree in information technology, Computer Science, or a related discipline.
2+ years of experience as a Spring Boot Backend Developer .
Strong knowledge of Java programming language.
Familiarity with software development design patterns: GIT, Swagger, PCF, and Rabbit MQ.
Expertise in API technologies such as Rest Webservices.
Previous experience writing unit tests with JUnit, Mockito, or Power Mock.
Knowledge of markup languages such as JSON and YML.
Working knowledge of quality and security scan technologies such as Sonar, Fortify, and Web Inspect.
Knowledge of the Agile approach.
Familiarity with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker) is a plus.
Familiarity with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure) is a plus.

JD -15
Strong expertise with JVM based languages with deep understanding of performance characteristics and profiling
Strong expertise with the Spring Framework
Good knowledge about reactive systems based on Java, specifically RX, Reactor, Reactive-Streams
Understanding of and experience with message-processing based on Apache Kafka
Good code-writing discipline
Experience with extensive unit-testing
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Experience with developing, maintaining and operating distributed systems at cloud-scale
Knowledge about database systems like ElasticSearch, Cassandra and Clickhouse
General experience of and with APM tools and Distributed Tracing
Experience working in agile software environments (preferably with Kanban)

JD - 16
Experience in PHP, Laravel React/ Angular JS, OOPS concept, and OOPS usage in PHP.
Knowledge of MVC Architecture based frameworks in PHP. values
Good Skills in any one of JavaScript / React Js / Angular Js.
Good Exposure in HTML, HTML5, Jquery, CSS and AJAX.
Developing standalone API-based web services for various campaign efforts and applications.
Communicate directly with clients and project managers when gathering requirements, presenting work, etc. And be able to take complex technical terms and break them down into laymans terms.
Ensure HTML, CSS, and shared JavaScript is valid and consistent across applications.
Write "clean", well-designed code, and produce detailed specifications.
Troubleshoot, test, and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality.
Develop and deploy new features to facilitate related procedures and tools if necessary.
Candidates who have worked on SaaS products (especially for marketing) will be preferred.
Ensure development best practices are followed (Clean Code, Clean Architecture, code reviews)
Helpful skills and experience
Min. 2 years of professional experience working with PHP, web frameworks including Laravel, CodeIgniter.
Expertise in MySQL databases implementations, queries, and optimization
Proficient understanding of code version tools such as Git, Bitbucket, SourceTree
Experience in common third-party APIs (Google, Facebook, Payment Gateway, etc.)
Very good understanding experience in working with JavaScript, AngularJs, ReactJs, jQuery, Ajax and Web Services
Good understanding of Database Concepts
Open-minded to new solutions, forward-thinking and strong ability to adapt and work in a fast-paced environment
Experience of working on Servers such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and WHM.
Understanding of User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments
