4 platforms used naukri, linkednn, indeed, glassdoor 

JD -1
Bachelor's degree in Communications, Public Relations, Marketing, or a related field.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent organizational and multitasking abilities.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.
Familiarity with social media platforms and content management systems.
Basic understanding of media relations and communication principles.

JD -2
1 year experience in digital media and/or publishing (focus on food content a plus)
Strong writing skills and voice, with the ability to speak to the home cook like a friend
Top-notch organizational, problem-solving, and time management skills
A team player with a desire to collaborate across teams
An astute awareness of internet trends, pop culture, and the cultural zeitgeist, especially as it relates to food and cooking
Ability to balance multiple priorities and quickly shift in the face of new information and under tight deadlines
Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work within technical systems/content management systems (CMS)
Passion for food and cooking

JD -3
Exceptional communication and organizational skills
Experience with popular content management systems (Drupal, Wordpress, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
Proven ability to build consensus and work effectively within a cross-functional team
Appreciation for modern web standards and best practices
Experience in marketing, technology, or operations a plus
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Communications, Human Computer Interaction, UX Design, Product Design, or a related field
1 to 3 years experience managing web content
Must have a base knowledge of CMS (Drupal experience a big plus)

JD -4
BA in Digital Media/Communications, Human Computer Interaction Design, or related degree/experience
3 years website development
3 years website design, and content and site maintenance
2 years in program management or managing web teams
2 years social media management
Experience with accurate and transparent digital and social media content creation and copy editing
Excellent verbal, written and digital communication and problem-solving skills
Ability to accurately disseminate City information using multiple platforms, including digital, video, and social
A demonstrated appreciation for diversity in the workplace
Excellent time management skills and the ability to adapt to different and emerging styles
Ability to work independently with accuracy and competency while detail-oriented
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Willingness to learn and implement emerging communication platforms with accuracy and professionalism
Technical skills, to possibly include HTML, CSS, JavaScript, WordPress, UX Design,Information Architecture and CMS management systems, Adobe Creative Suite, Final Cut Pro, and/or commensurate

JD -5
Bachelor's degree in public relations, communications, marketing, or a related field
Proven experience in public relations and social media management
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal and networking abilities
Ability to work well under pressure and meet deadlines
Knowledge of PR and social media analytics tools
Proficiency in social media platforms and content management systems

JD -6
· Proven work experience as a Content Writer, Copywriter or similar role

· Portfolio of published articles

· Familiarity with web publications

· Excellent writing and editing skills in English.

· Working knowledge of content management systems.

· The ability to work in a fast-paced environment.

· The ability to handle multiple projects concurrently.

· Experience doing research using multiple sources.

JD -7
Bachelor's degree/ Post Graduate Degree.

2: Proven 4 to 6 year experience as a Content Creator, Social Media Manager, or similar role.

3: Strong writing and editing skills with attention to detail.

4: In-depth knowledge of social media platforms, trends, and best practices.

5: Familiarity with content management systems (CMS) and basic HTML.

6: Experience with social media scheduling and analytics tools.

7: Creative mindset with the ability to think outside the box.

8: Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and meet tight deadlines

JD -8
Designing and building responsive and mobile-friendly websites optimised for different devices and browsers • Writing clean, efficient, and well-documented code using languages such as HTML, CSS, XML, and JavaScript. Knowledge of WordPress is a must.
Implementing and maintaining website content management systems • Troubleshooting and debugging issues to ensure websites are functioning correctly • Staying up-to-date with the latest web technologies and industry trends to ensure the website is current and secure • Creating and managing databases for website functionality • Ensuring website accessibility and security to protect sensitive data and user information • Maintaining and updating existing websites • Testing both new and current website and correcting potential errors that may arise

JD-9
Coordinate with concerned stakeholders for ensuring complete understanding of requests, requesting new/additional information, mock-up approvals, request closures etc.
Be able to perform basic to medium complexity HTML coding and photoshop activities like image re-sizing, in-image text editing, re-encoding etc.
Create and manage content templates in AEM
6.0.
Ensure proper deployment of content in production system across platforms
Coordinate with third party technical teams for issue resolution when needed
Adhere to various operational processes.
Basic understanding of bundles.
Identify gaps and areas for improvement in the processes and proposing solution improvements
Apply learnings and Industry standard best practices from past experience
Ensure timely completion of tasks and requests
Ensure high quality closures of all requests with zero margin of error

JD-10
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
12 years of experience in technical program management managing cross-functional/team projects.
Experience driving customer relations, adoption and training, and working with cross-functional teams.
Master's degree in Business, Computer Science, or a related field.
Experience in managing programs related to content publishing tools.
Experience in testing, quality, and release processes.
Ability to orchestrate training initiatives and customer engagement, create playbooks, and encourage the adoption of enterprise products.
