JD 1
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Graphic Design, UI/UX Design, or a related field.
A portfolio showcasing your graphic design and UI/UX skills, including projects and examples.
Proficiency in design tools such as Figma, Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, XD), or similar software.
Basic understanding of UI/UX principles and a strong desire to learn and grow in this field.
Attention to detail and effective communication of design concepts.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team, adapt to feedback, and incorporate changes into designs.
Strong attention to detail. Organized and reliable. Able and willing to present designs to groups of stakeholders.
Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS and responsive design principles

JD 2
2-5+ years of strong UX and UI design experience
Proven experience in UX and UI design with a strong portfolio demonstrating your ability to create visually compelling and functional mobile and web interfaces
Proficiency in design tools such as Figma, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, etc)
Ability to create rapid prototypes and work in a fast paced, startup environment, taking initiative on projects in order to move them forward.
Bachelor’s degree in Human Computer Interaction, Information Design, Graphic Design, or equivalent field
Effective communication skills and an ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams including engineers, product managers, and business leads.
Adaptable and ability to implement feedback and respond to changing product requirements.
Strong sense of visual design and well-versed in web optimization and design elements implementation.
Experience with responsive design and design for mobile platforms.

JD 3
2 years of professional UI/UX experience and end to end UI/UX
Design for mobile devices, desktop screens, etc.
Excellent communication skills
UI/UX design tools: Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe XD, Azure RP, InVision, etc.

JD 4
Bachelor's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or a related field.
Proficiency in design tools such as Figma, Adobe XD, Sketch or similar software.
Strong understanding of user-centered design principles and methodologies.
Experience conducting user research, usability testing, and synthesizing findings into actionable insights.
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively in a dynamic team environment.
Strong attention to detail and a passion for crafting exceptional user experiences.
Bonus Skills:
Experience with front-end development technologies.
Knowledge of Agile methodologies and project management tools.
Understanding of accessibility standards and guidelines.

JD 5
Knowledge of driving and applying user-centered design practices. Which can include the creation of artifacts like User Journey Maps, Competitive analysis reports, Sitemaps, and Personas.
Experience developing, curating, and updating design systems
Experience developing wireframes and prototypes, knowing when to apply the best methods for the challenge at hand.
Experience synthesizing user research and customer insights. Using data to inform design, understand the platform’s performance, and identify improvement opportunities.
Basic understanding of front-end code language and coding practice
Experience presenting and the ability to convey concepts and other information clearly, concisely, and compellingly.
Proficient with Adobe XD, Figma, Principle, In Vision, or comparable applications
Up to date with the latest UX/UI trends and techniques

JD 6
Currently enrolled in a university as a rising Junior or Grad student
Major: Design, Human-Centered Interaction, Psychology, or other design related
GPA: 3.3 minimum
Experience working in a collaborative team environment to deliver high-quality design solutions
Creative materials demonstrating past work experience and deliverables (e.g., study plans, reports, portfolio)
Knowledge of user-centered design, UX methods, UI/UX design, or human subjects research & experimental design
Experience with visual design and collaboration tools such Adobe Suite, Miro
Good written and verbal communication skills
Good reasoning skills and the ability to back up your recommendations
Proficient with the Microsoft Office suite and other business applications
Strong Interpersonal Communication Skills
Integrity and Confidentiality
Problem Solving Skills
Results Oriented
Business Acumen

JD 7
Experience in UI/UX design, shown in your portfolio.
Ability to work with design tools and follow design trends.
Experience with blockchain or Web3 design is a plus.
Strong English communication skills and teamwork.

JD 8
5+ years of UI/UX design experience.
Has a strong desire to provide the best possible user experience to delight customers.
Strong portfolio showcasing skills in user-centered design, information architecture, and visual design.
Proficiency Adobe Creative Suite, in particular, XD & Figma.
Knowledge of design principles, including typography, color theory, and composition.
Experience conducting user research and testing.
Ability to create wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups.
Understanding of front-end development languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to be self-directed and work independently, as well as collaboratively as part of an Agile Scrum Product Team to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals, and experience.
Ability to identify problems and strategize solutions to remedy problems.
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices, and standards.
Up to date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies.
Excellent organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple projects at once.
Superior attention to detail and follow-through.

JD 9
Knowledge of driving and applying user-centered design practices. Which can include the creation of artifacts like User Journey Maps, Competitive analysis reports, Sitemaps, and Personas.
Experience developing, curating, and updating design systems
Experience developing wireframes and prototypes, knowing when to apply the best methods for the challenge at hand.
Experience synthesizing user research and customer insights. Using data to inform design, understand the platform’s performance, and identify improvement opportunities.
Basic understanding of front-end code language and coding practice
Experience presenting and the ability to convey concepts and other information clearly, concisely, and compellingly.
Proficient with Adobe XD, Figma, Principle, In Vision, or comparable applications
Up to date with the latest UX/UI trends and techniques

JD 10
Bachelor's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or a related field.
Proficiency in design tools such as Figma, Adobe XD, Sketch or similar software.
Strong understanding of user-centered design principles and methodologies.
Experience conducting user research, usability testing, and synthesizing findings into actionable insights.
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively in a dynamic team environment.
Strong attention to detail and a passion for crafting exceptional user experiences.
Bonus Skills:
Experience with front-end development technologies.
Knowledge of Agile methodologies and project management tools.
Understanding of accessibility standards and guidelines.

JD 11
Ability to write code HTML CSS (SCSS flavor of SASS preferred when writing CSS)
Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, bonus points for familiarity with Sketch (Sketch is our preferred concepting)
Cross-browser and platform testing as standard practice 
Experience using Invision a plus Experience in video production a plus or, at a minimum, a willingness to learn

JD 12
User Research:Conduct user research to understand the target audience, their needs, and behaviors.Analyze and interpret user feedback to inform design decisions.
Wireframing and Prototyping:Create wireframes, prototypes, and mockups to visualize and communicate design ideas.Iterate and refine designs based on feedback and usability testing.
Information Architecture:Develop information architecture and sitemaps to organize content and structure navigation.
User Interface (UI) Design:Design visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces.Create and maintain design systems and style guides.
User Experience (UX) Design:Develop user personas and user journeys to guide the design process.Ensure a seamless and enjoyable user experience throughout the product.
Collaboration:Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including developers, product managers, and other stakeholders.Communicate design ideas and concepts effectively.
Usability Testing:Plan and conduct usability testing to gather feedback on design solutions.Analyze test results and make data-driven design decisions.
Accessibility:Consider and implement accessibility standards to ensure inclusivity in design.
Stay Updated:Stay informed about industry trends, emerging technologies, and design best practices.Continuously improve skills and knowledge.
Tools:- Proficient in design tools such as Sketch, Adobe XD, Figma, or other relevant software.

JD 13
Designing Mobile UI / UX (Mandatory).
2) Designing Web Layouts, Logos, Banners, Infographics.
3) Responsible for highly usable and intuitive interface creation
4) Develop intuitive, usable, and engaging interactions and visual designs for mobile.
5) Comfortable using Adobe XD and Illustrator.
6) Designing Websites in Photoshop
7) Designing E-commerce Portals
8) Break any design problem down into viable actionable chunks and solve them with clarity and precision.
9) Create graphic assets like icons, buttons, widgets, landing pages for use in user interfaces.
10) Design wireframes, mock-ups, task flows for web and mobile applications.
11) Flyers, Brochures, Ebook Covers.
12) PPT Designing
13) Can Gather knowledge And Research on ideas For Projects.
14) Strong with Coding and Designing Skills.
15) Can read, write, and understand English. You should be aware of the global design guidelines for iOS and Android and should also be checking out the latest app design trends and innovations on Apple App Store and Google Play Store to stay ahead of the game.

JD 14
Creative and presentable design thinking and UX experience.
Experience in designing for different platforms Android, iOS phone and tablet
Research and communicate latest trends in IT and UI/UX industry.
Good understanding of Design and Development with Figma, Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe XD, Marvel App or any other UI/UX design app, etc.
Expert in Microsoft PowerPoint.

JD 15
Degree/Diploma in Design, Fine Arts, Engineering, or related field.
Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (specifically Illustrator, InDesign, XD and Photoshop).
Proficiency in prototyping tools such as Sketch, InVision, Figma etc.

JD 16
3-7 years of demonstrated experience in creating and implementing UI design for ERP applications or complex SAS model web and mobile applications.
Must be proficient in UI design tool Figma and graphic designing tools such as Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator.
In hand experience with video content creation and editing applications such as Adobe premier Pro and After Effects.
Excellent UI design portfolio.
Ability to work effectively in a collaborative environment to create top-performing interfaces.
Experience creating storyboards and site mapping.
Advanced problem-solving skills and the ability to optimize data for the best possible outcome.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple milestones and projects efficiently
Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on companys success.
Professional written and interpersonal skills.
Continued education and research into UI trends and current design strategy and technology.

JD 17
Bachelors or master s in design stream (Information Design, User Interface, Interaction Communication, Graphics, Industrial, etc) from Design College with 2 years or 4 years of formal design education.
4 to 7 years of relevant UX experience.
Proficiency in UX software (Sketch Preferred).
Worked on at least 2-3 complex enterprise level projects (B2B preferred)
Ability to work in a hypergrowth and quick deliverable environment.
Strong Communication skill with outstanding presentation and Visual skill.

JD 18
5 years of experience in designing user-focused interfaces for web / mobile applications
At least 1 year of experience in managing a design team
Good understanding of:
UI/UX Design, Design Patterns, Project Management
Technological limitations and the ability to work with technology requirements
Expert with:
Using Figma
Creating assets (vector, icons, etc.)
Good command of spoken and written English
Bachelors in UI/UX Design, Computer Science or another relevant field

JD 19
Should be adept at using tools and programs like Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks, Sketch, and Zeplin.
Qualification or certifications in related fields such as Interaction Design, New media design, Architecture, Graphic Design
Preparing, Generating, Editing Managing images and graphics for website use.
Ability to analyze web site and websites structural content.
Knowledge of working on the concept, prototyping and experience strategy
Proposing client s marketing or informational content into a functional website.
Skilled to create immersive templates and wireframes of proposed website layout.
Developing website using HTML or GUI design software.
Possess hands-on graphic and web design experience.

JD 20
Proven UI experience
Demonstrable UI design skills with a strong portfolio
Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps
Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator, OmniGraffle, or other visual design and wire-framing tools
Proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for rapid prototyping.
Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction
Ability to present your designs and sell your solutions to various stakeholders.
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively
Up-to-date with the latest UI trends, techniques, and technologies
Experience working in an AgileScrum development process

JD 21
Proficiency in graphic design tools (e.g., Adobe Creative Suite).
Understanding of UX/UI principles.
Prototyping skills.

JD 22
Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in Graphic Design, Visual Communication, or a related field.
Basic knowledge of design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite (e.g., Photoshop, Illustrator) and Figma.
A strong passion for graphic design and a desire to learn and grow in the field.
Creativity and an eye for visual aesthetics.
Good communication and teamwork skills.
Ability to use the latest AI tools like ChatGPT and Midjourney to create relevant creatives.
Willingness to take direction and collaborate within a team.
Attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality work.

JD 23
Bachelor’s Degree in Design and/or any industry recognized UI/UX professional certification
2-3 years of experience as a UX/UI designer
A portfolio demonstrating past work experience and relevant, user-centered product design solutions
Demonstrated experience of working on Design Systems in the past
An innate capacity for creating engaging, highly usable designs and layouts
Ability to quickly turn around mockups in a very agile, fast-paced environment and comfortable working on designs without all the product details
Experience working with Figma or any other equivalent UX design tools
Preferrable but not required: experience working with ZeroHeight

JD 24
Basic knowledge of Photoshop, Figma, HTML and Java Script
Eager to learn

JD 25
Bachelor's degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, or a related field.
A minimum of 2 years of experience as a UI/UX Designer, supported by a strong portfolio.
Proficiency in design and prototyping tools like Adobe XD, Sketch, Figma, etc.
Strong grasp of user-centered design principles and best practices.
Ability to conduct user research and usability testing to inform design solutions.
A keen eye for aesthetics and attention to detail in visual design.
Effective communication skills for cross-team collaboration.
Capacity to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a dynamic environment.
Familiarity with front-end development principles is a plus.
Motion design and animation skills are desirable.

JD 26
Should be proficient in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JQuery should have working experience in generating web fonts & Icon creation.
Good to have at least 6+ months working experience in Angular2+, Type-Script.
Should be good in responsive page design along with bootstrap and media queries.
Good to have Angular2+, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop

JD 27
Pursuing or recently completed a degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or a related field.
A strong portfolio showcasing UI/UX design skills.
Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch, Figma, Adobe XD, and InVision.
A user-centric design approach and a keen eye for detail.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a team environment.

JD 28
6 – 8 years of experience
Good knowledge of HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, JQuery
Confidence and decision making skills
Good communication skills
Self driven

JD 29
Investigating user experience design requirements for our suite of digital assets.
Developing and conceptualizing a comprehensive UI/UX design strategy for the brand.
Producing high-quality UX design solutions through wireframes, visual and graphic designs, flow diagrams, storyboards, site maps, and prototypes.
Designing UI elements and tools such as navigation menus, search boxes, tabs, and widgets for our digital assets.
Testing UI elements such as CTAs, banners, page layouts, page designs, page flows, and target links for landing pages.
Collaborating with the marketing team, and internal and external designers to ensure the creation and delivery of tailored experiences for the digital user.
Providing advice and guidance on the implementation of UX research methodologies and testing activities in order to analyze and predict user behavior.
Adhering to style standards on typography and graphic design.

JD 30
Relevant experience working as a UI/UX designer or in a similar position preferred
High school diploma is mandatory; Bachelor’s in a relevant field is a plus
Familiarity with popular design tools like Photoshop, Figma, Adobe XD, Illustrator, Indesign or CC
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
