tools available right now powerBI , ms dynamics 365, powerapps, excel vba/macro ,Microsoft MSBI, microsoft 365
jd 1
Support existing implementations,
Data migration,
Understanding and resolving the issues raised by end users,
Coordinating with project team for relevant issues when required. Ensure adherence with policies and procedures within your scope Qualifications,
Minimum 5 years of experience with NAV/Business Central.
Hands-on experience on resolving issues raised by end users,
Expertise in Financial Management, Sales, Purchase and Inventory modules of Business Central,
Extensive knowledge on Integration Dynamics Business Central with other systems,
Experience with implementation of IT systems, business processes, reporting and/or IT development.
Microsoft Certified MS Dynamics 365 would be an advantage.
Experience within the medical device industry and/or with Retail Soft Skills.
strong communication skills.
strong analytical skills and are good at transforming ideas into practical solutions.

jd 2
Must have Bachelors in Computers science or related.
Need at least 5-8 years experience. With proven experience in EDW/ETL/BI environment with Microsoft MSBI Suite such as SQL Server, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS and Power BI.
Azure is preferred but not necessary.

jd 3
SSRS reporting and Power BI dashboard development experience
Power BI administration and management experience
MSBI stack development and management experience
SSIS ETL development experience
Excellent understanding of PL/SQL and Database concepts
Experience building data models and mappings between source and target systems (STT)
Identifying and establishing scope and parameters of requirements analysis on a project-by-project basis to define project impact, outcome criteria, and metrics.
Analyzing and verifying requirements for completeness, consistency, comprehensibility, feasibility, and conformity to standards.
Translating conceptual customer requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developers/project team.
Working closely with all business units and engineering teams to develop strategy for long term data platform architecture.
Running workshops and training sessions
Requires 6+ years overall experience with dashboarding solutions, data storytelling and data visualizations
This role requires strong technical skills, as well as business knowledge, interviewing and analytical skills and excellent oral and written communications skills.
Role is hybrid on-site with the main work location in Juno Beach, FL

jd 4
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a software related discipline. A Master's degree in a related field is an added plus
• 6+ years of experience in SQL SERVER, Solid SQL/T-SQL development: stored procedures, database triggers, views, and other database manipulation languages/methods
• 5+ years of experience in Microsoft BI Tools (SSRS, SSIS) projects development
• 2+ years of experience in C#.net, PowerShell scripts, Batch Script
• Good understanding of scheduling tool: Tidal, Sql Jobs
• Exposure to Financial Domain, especially in Asset management and Investment Accounting is added advantage.
• Experience in snowflakes is added advantage

jd 5
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Administration preferred
8+ years of experience in a data analyst, developer, architect, or similar position
7+ years of advanced experience with DAX, M, SQL, and Power BI
5+ years of experience in creating dashboards and deploying to clients
1.5+ years of experience in leveraging ETL SaaS tools (Talent, Stitch, Hevo, etc.,) or ADF Integration
1+ years of experience in Power BI Service delivery and Admin role and responsibility
Expert knowledge of creating and optimizing dimensional models
Expert skills in Microsoft Excel and Outlook, strong skills in PowerPoint
Strong track record of developing high-quality models on-premise and/or in the cloud
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Effectively managing multiple deliverables, clients

jd 6
Experience as a SharePoint Site Owner and/or Site Collection Administrator
Experience with Microsoft 365 development utilizing PowerApps, Power Automate, and Power BI,
Teams and SharePoint Online.
Business systems analysis and support experience
Unerstanding PowerApps formulas and development methods to develop canvas and model driven apps
Understanding of how to implement solutions with multiple data sources
Experience working with Agile methodology and self-starter who can quickly acclimate to a dynamic

jd 7
Microsoft Power Applications Model-Driven Applications, Microsoft Power Applications Portals, Microsoft Power Apps, Microsoft Power Automate, Microsoft Power Automate Cloud Flows
Microsoft Certified Power Platform Fundamentals - Microsoft
5 + years of related experience
Required Education: Training, Certification(s) or Degree
Required Experience: Minimum of five years of related experience
Experience with Microsoft PowerApps, including five years with Canvas Apps and two years with Model Driven Apps and Power Pages
Minimum of five years of SharePoint development experience
Minimum of two years of Dataverse development experience
Required Skills and Abilities: Ability to effectively Interact with business users, technical team members, and clients

jd 8
Experience with model driven apps.
Experience and ability to develop power portal apps.
Knowledge of and experience in deployment, configuration, management, and modification of Dynamics 365: 2-3 years.
Microsoft SQL Server experience: 2-4 years.
Understanding of processes where Microsoft 365, Office 365, Dynamics 365, and SharePoint, and Power Platform can be configured to meet needs of the client.
Knowledge and Experience with web development design and toolsets including but not limited to JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, CSS

jd 9
3+ years onboarding teams onto Power Platform and experience in migrating large-scale applications to Power Platform.
Strong consulting and support skills required to guide the team’s solution to their solution end state.
Experience reviewing Power Platform releases, evaluating environment risk, and moving releases through different environments. Knowledge of Azure DevOps and the Power Platform release life cycle.
Strong knowledge of Azure cloud services. Solid understanding of Azure AAD & Application Registrations, experience troubleshooting platform issues/outages across the Power Platform and Azure infrastructure.
Provides proactive identification of potential platform issues by applying SRE skills.
1-2 years of experience with Dataverse
1+ years developing/supporting REST APIs
1+ Experience with Azure SQL Server, SQL Gateways
Basic networking protocols and understanding JSON
Background in platform governance and setting enterprise standards is a big plus.
PowerShell experience is a huge plus
Understanding of security within Microsoft Dynamics/Power Platform applications
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Strong technical documentation skills

Jd 9 
Strong applied knowledge of Microsoft Power Platform services, including in-depth understanding of its capabilities, boundaries, and constraints.
Basic understanding of authentication, security, and application lifecycle management (ALM) practices for the Microsoft Power Platform.
Understanding of Power FX language.
Utilize problem-solving skills to understand process pain points and troubleshoot as challenges arise.
Review application design to ensure correct Power Apps principles.
Automate complex scenarios using scripts in VBScript, JavaScript, PowerShell, and Python.
Strong communication skills and the ability to work closely with business stakeholders to analyze and refine requirements.

Jd 10
Minimum of five years of related experience
Experience with Microsoft PowerApps, including five years with Canvas Apps and two years with Model Driven Apps and Power Pages
Minimum of five years of SharePoint development experience
Minimum of two years of Dataverse development experience

Jd 11
Develop and implement solutions using the Microsoft 365 suite of applications (i.e. SharePoint, PowerApps, Power Automate, Teams, and Power BI).
Help rewrite current business process automation migrating into the Microsoft 365 Power Suite.
Analyze business problems, identifies, and articulate requirements to support system and process improvements and identifies alternative technical solutions.
Develop reports and dashboards with data using visualization software like Tableau or Power BI
Oversee the development, analysis, and implementation of new and existing solutions.
Investigate, troubleshoot, and resolve complex technical issues.
Produce ideas for process improvement programs and participate in control activities that maintain and validate standards for the functional area.

Jd 12
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, IT, or related field (or equivalent experience)
3+ years of experience working with and managing Environments in the Power Platform
3+ years of experience in Office 365 and Azure administration
Proficiency in utilizing the Microsoft Center of Excellence (CoE) principles and practices, with a proven track record of implementing successful CoE strategies
Extensive knowledge of M365 and Azure administration, with a focus on enterprise-level tools and options
Extensive experience working with Microsoft 365 and Azure solutions, particularly within a U.S. Federal agency context
Proven experience with Azure AD, including synchronization and SSO
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with citizen developers and Enterprise IT teams to achieve optimal solutions
Proven track record in guiding organizations to standards for managing large numbers of apps and scaling up development
Strong knowledge and experience with PowerShell scripting and automation for Microsoft 365 and Azure administration
Excellent understanding of Federal agency IT policies, procedures, and compliance requirements
Strong communication and leadership skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with diverse teams and stakeholders

Jd 13
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field from an accredited college, or equivalent experience/combined education.
5-8 years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 / CRM platform and the Power Platform.
Proficiency with both front-end technologies (JavaScript, HTML, CSS) and back-end technologies (C#, .NET).
In-depth knowledge of Dynamics 365/Model-Driven PowerApp customization, configuration, and extendibility.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Must be able to successfully pass National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI) background investigation.

JD 14
Extensive experience in developing complex interactive web applications using VB.Net, C#, JavaScript, and Team Foundation Server.
Proficient in ODP.NET, SQL, PL/SQL, with a track record of writing stored procedures, functions, and packages in Oracle 10g or higher, or MS SQL Server 2008 R2 or higher.
Hands-on experience in developing with Microsoft Dynamics CRM (2011 or higher), including workflows, plug-ins, and integration with SharePoint.
Proven expertise in upgrading Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications to higher versions, such as 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016, or Dynamics 365.
Strong background in working with SSRS Reporting 2008 or higher

JD 15
Seeking a candidate who can assist and enhance development efforts within the IT - Application Operations Group and build/support enterprise-wide applications using the Microsoft Power Platform, SharePoint Online, Adobe eSign, DocuSign, Cognito Forms and related technologies.
This role requires the candidate adheres to IT policies, governance, and act as technical advisor/liaison in various business interactions, provide guidance to internal development teams, vendors/partners. The candidate also needs to support end-to-end life cycle of current, future, and in-flight Power platform applications that integrate with M365 Services and other third-party platforms.

JD 16
Support the global roll-out in multi-site locations, primarily focused on US region
Support existing implementations
Data migration
Understanding and resolving the issues raised by end users
Coordinating with the project team for relevant issues when required. Ensure adherence to policies and procedures within your scope Qualifications
Minimum 8 years of experience with NAV/Business Central
Hands-on experience in resolving issues raised by end users
Expertise in Financial Management, Sales, Purchase and Inventory modules of Business Central
Extensive knowledge of Integration Dynamics Business Central with other systems

JD 17
·Experience building Customer oriented Dynamics applications.
·Experience in mapping and documenting customer journeys.
·Experience with Computer Telephony Integration (CTI)
·Experience with creating dashboards and system views to make it easy for the Customers to navigate through the system.
·Experience with importing and exporting data from/to MS Dynamics.
·Experience with setting up Power Automate and MS Flows.
·Experience in using Knowledge Base and smart assist functionalities available in Dynamics.
·Experience with system configuration and deployments.
·Experience in standard D365 Online development – forms, fields, views, dashboards, workflows, plugins, etc.
·Experience in writing custom .NET code, plugin code etc. for high volume contact centers built on the Dynamics platform
·Experience developing Power Apps, including Canvas Apps & Model-driven Apps
·Experience in developing and maintaining easy to use Dynamics Web Portal for customer self-service include the ability for capturing real time payments from customers.
·Experience in developing and maintaining real time integration between CE and F&O via LogicApps
·Experience in developing and maintaining SOAP and REST APIs to integrate with 3rdparty SAS applications.
·Experience with maintaining custom code in Azure DevOps
·Experience in writing custom code, plugin code etc. built on the Dynamics platform
·Experience in enhancing ChatBOT experiences available in the Azure platform for online customers.
·Experience in enhancing Azure BOT framework to automate business processes.
·Experience with enhancing out of the box functions related to General Ledger, Accounts Receivable and Credit and Collections modules and related business processes in F&O

JD 18
9-10 years of experience with a strong technical skill set in MS Dynamics 365.
Experience in designing Security models and Out-of-the-Box Configurations.
Proficiency in Workflows, Business Rules, Plugins, Form Customization, and CRM Administration.
Hands-on experience in C#.Net, JavaScript, MS SQL, MS CRM SDK, MSD developer toolkit.
SQL Server development experience and SSRS/SSIS design and development.
Experience in MS CRM & 3rd party Integration using Middleware Tools (Kingswaysoft) / API's (REST, ODATA Web API's) / SSIS packages.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to understand and clarify business requirements.
Handling analysis, coding, testing, and quality processes for tasks.
Independent thinking and solution-driven approach.

JD 19
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science
4+ years strong .Net/C#/X++
Minimum of 4 years of experience in Dynamics 365 ERP development, configuration, design and implementation
5+ SQL/BI Development
Microsoft Azure Stack experience
Configure and develop stored procedures, triggers, scheduled jobs, SSIS packages, and relational databases in SQL Server using MS Visual Studio, MS SQL Management Console, and Transact SQL

JD 20 
US Citizenship is contractually required for this role
Minimum Degree: Bachelor's
Hands-on experience with D365 Customer Experience / Dynamics CRM / PowerApps / Power Automate technical solutions
Minimum 3 years of experience on Microsoft Power Platform.
Experience with Software as a Service (SaaS) and/or Platform as a Service (PaaS) environments
Hands on experience with one or more of the following D365 / Dynamics CRM modules: Customer Engagement, Project Service Automation, Field Service, Sales, Marketing
Experience developing & deploying business applications using Microsoft’s Dynamics Power Platform Core Skills: C#, SQL, .Net, D365, CRM SDK, CRM Plugins, PowerApps, Power BI, & Power Automate (formally known as Flow)
Intermediate to advanced knowledge of relational database concepts
Must have experience with full life-cycle implementation of Dynamics 365
Must demonstrate knowledge and experience in ERP implementation principles, practices and methodologies
Must have experience and strong working knowledge across all MS Dynamics D365 Customer Engagement modules
Provide Batch Job monitoring and issue resolution
Provide Integration monitoring and resolution
Scribe experience necessary
Experience across the full MS BI Stack - SSIS, SSAS, SSRS
Experience on Microsoft Portals
Experience with Agile methodology
The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
This is an exempt level role that may require more than 40 hours of work per week.
Selected Candidate must be able to work Eastern Standard Hours.

JD 21
 Experiene building Customer oriented Dynamics applications.
· Experience in mapping and documenting customer journeys.
· Experience with Computer Telephony Integration (CTI)
· Experience with creating dashboards and system views to make it easy for the Customers to navigate through the system.
· Experience with importing and exporting data from/to MS Dynamics.
· Experience with setting up Power Automate and MS Flows.
· Experience in using Knowledge Base and smart assist functionalities available in Dynamics.
· Experience with system configuration and deployments.
· Experience in standard D365 Online development – forms, fields, views, dashboards, workflows, plugins, etc.
· Experience in writing custom .NET code, plugin code etc. for high volume contact centers built on the Dynamics platform
· Experience developing Power Apps, including Canvas Apps & Model-driven Apps
· Experience in developing and maintaining easy to use Dynamics Web Portal for customer self-service include the ability for capturing real time payments from customers.
· Experience in developing and maintaining real time integration between CE and F&O via LogicApps
· Experience in developing and maintaining SOAP and REST APIs to integrate with 3rd party SAS applications.
· Experience with maintaining custom code in Azure DevOps
· Experience in writing custom code, plugin code etc. built on the Dynamics platform
· Experience in enhancing ChatBOT experiences available in the Azure platform for online customers.
· Experience in enhancing Azure BOT framework to automate business processes.
· Experience with enhancing out of the box functions related to General Ledger, Accounts Receivable and Credit and Collections modules and related business processes in F&O
