JD 1
Extensive hands-on development experience of 9+ years in Mainframe, Cobol, CICS, JCL, DB2
Excellent analytical & problem solving skills, self-starter, excellent verbal & written communication skills, team coordination for deliveries

JD 2
Hands on experience of JCL-COBOL-DB2 programming.
Strong technical skills on MAINFRAME code analysis.
Good knowledge in Endevor tool.
SQL Query optimization
Ability to collaborate and facilitate troubleshooting of technical issues and work organizationally across teams (Production tasks, Server, Product and Database).
Production support
Strong verbal and written communication skills.

JD 3
Must have minimum 4-6 years of experience.
Good hands-on experience in RPG 400/RPGLE/SQLRPGLE, free format coding skills.
Good hands-on experience and knowledge of DB2
Good knowledge of SQL query
Sound in AS400 screen development (display/sub file) and report generation (printer file).
Sound in CL programming
Knowledge of ILE concepts
Knowledge of Stored Procedure Good to have.
Requirements Analysis, develop, and test custom code for AS400 Applications to meet business needs
Work on production support; handle critical situations and resolution of tickets raised by business users
Document code changes, configuration changes, issues, and fixes.
Good analytical and communication skills
Should be a good team player and can work independently with client

JD 4
This is a new requirement for Horse/Ampere project to support for mainframe application.
Should be strong technically in mainframe - COBOL , JCL , DB2 , VSAM. Validates technical specification and develops solutions for the same in mainframes.
Ability to analyze the requirement and propose technical design solutions. A good team member & analytical skills.
Exposure to Agile SCRUM Methodology will be added advantage

JD 5
5+ Experience with gatheringrequirements for portals / web applications for D2C, B2B covering aspects suchas user journey, user experience etc.
4 to 5 Years of experience indevelopment and maintenance of mainframe based applications.
Experience on COBOL, JCL,CICS, File Aid, SDF2, SAS (mainframe), IBM DB2, File Concepts, VSAM, and REXX.
Experience in any mainframeconfiguration management tool.
Should have work experiencein Insurance domain on any of the Personal/Commercial Lines of business
Good exposure to SDLC processand Quality activities.
Sound knowledge on Insuranceconcepts like Underwriting, Claims and Pricing.
Experience in PerformanceTuning for Mainframe Application.

JD 6
Understanding of mainframe (IMS, TSO, DB2 tables, read/update JCL)
Strong experience on mainframe technologies such as COBOL, JCL, DB2, CICS, VSAM, TSO/ISPF, DB2 Stored procedures, SORT, SPUFI, QMF, IBM Scripting, MQ series.
Data Manipulation tools such as INSYCN for Files and INSYNC for DB2 tables, IBM load utilities for data synchronisation.
ADE Workbench and SCLM for code management and maintenance.
Experience in handling the production releases and pre and post production support activities.

JD 7
Possess strong analytical and documentation skills, attention to detail, strong verbal, and written communication skills.
Must have strong hands-on experience in COBOL, JCL, VSAM, IMS DB and DB2.
Nice to have CICS.
Have knowledge on agile processes.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, managers and internal and/or external customers.
Effective coordination with cross domain teams.

JD 8
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Technology from an accredited university or equivalent with the background in Mathematics or Statistics
8+ years of extensive experience in Mainframe scripting including JCL and COBOL, and DB2 z/OS databases
8+ years of experience in Mainframe tools like Endeavor, CA-7 etc.
Experience in Mainframe modernization and expert performance tuning
Experience in Relational Databases and concepts
Extensive experience in advanced SQL scripting and developing ETL jobs, and resolving complex Mainframe incidents
Certification in Mainframe or DB2 is a plus
Experience in other ETL platforms or Python or automation is preferred
Detail oriented, self-directed and have strong independent problem-solving, analytical, and multi-tasking skills with English fluency
Have a strong background and interest in technology

JD 9
· Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field
· 5+ years of experience in developing and maintaining COBOL applications on mainframes, Veryant IDE, Toad DB2, Postgres, VI editor, Datagrip.
· Strong understanding of DB2 and other mainframe technologies
· Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills
· Ability to work independently and as part of a team
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills
· If you are a highly skilled and experienced Cobol, Db2 developer with a passion for technology, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity.

JD 10
Mainframes, COBOL, PL/1, CICS, JCL, DB2 Tools: IBM Rational tools (IDz, RDz, RBD, RTC)

JD 11
Proven experience as a Mainframe COBOL Developer in a professional setting.
Strong proficiency in COBOL programming language.
Knowledge of mainframe systems and associated technologies (e.g., JCL, CICS, VSAM).
Experience with database management systems (e.g., DB2) on the mainframe platform.
Familiarity with software development life cycle (SDLC) and agile methodologies.

JD 12
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field
11.5+ years of experience in mainframe development with testing skills
Distributed development in a Mainframe environment with Java
Nice to have hands on development experience with Java, SpringBoot, Oracle. System analysis
Experience using COBOL, JCL, CICS, DB2 and other mainframe technologies
Liquidity/Payments Domain experience is a plus
Ability to do Java coding
Reverse engineering skills are a huge plus
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

JD 13
10+ years’ experience in Mainframe Application Development (Assembler Language). 
Demonstrates expertise in conveying technical and functional concepts for mainframe development (Assembler language). 
Leverages advanced / proven experience in the Assembler programming language across large and complex implementations and systems. 
Advanced experience in the required technical subject matter (Assembler programming language). 

JD 14
Understand Cobol main frame programs and analyse.
Source code archeology experience
Unit test and debug COBOL programs
Developing, testing, and debugging application source code per specifications
supporting standard SDLC phases by regularly performing tasks such as programming/coding, and testing results
Experience – 10+ years will be a plus.
Adheres to all security standards and directives
Facilitates communication upward and across project teams including project status, cost information.

JD 15
5+ years of Manual/automation testing experience in the mainframe.
Experience working with BSA + PO + Technical lead in clearly understanding the current mainframe technical process and target technical process and preparing coherent and clear test plans.
Experience in documenting and reviewing technical scripts specific to the mainframe, API, and batch testing.
Experience in QA testing skills.
Experience in clear documentation of test results and presentation back to the team.
SQL OR Jira
Experience driving automation for repeated pattern testing for mainframe online screens and batch files.

JD 16
Mainframe developer with 8+ years of professional experience
Hands on in Mainframe Development.
Must have experience in CICS.
Should have experience in COBOL, DB2, JCL, VSAM.
Good to have IBM Rational tools (IDz,,RDz, RBD, RTC) working experience.
Work with stakeholders, supporting SIT, UAT and Production implementation.
Write excellent-quality code based on functional requirements, while meeting agile implementation deadlines.
Perform good technical design based on the requirements.
Build, deploy, and test application components in a development environment during the implementation phase working with all layers of the application stack.
Work proactively & independently to address project requirements, and articulate issues/challenges with enough lead time to address project delivery risks.
Providing expertise in technical analysis and solving technical issues during project delivery
Code reviews, test case reviews and ensure code developed meets the requirements.
Component Design/ Coding/ Unit Testing/ Debugging
Experience in Scrum/Agile methodologies Solid problem-solving skills.
Exposure to version control tools like GitLab, Deployment tools like Jenkins.
Experience in z/OS connect development and testing through Postman.
Experience in NoSQL database like Cassandra.

JD 17
Demonstrate ability of high levels of interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrate ability of Self-motivation, self-direction, and able to work with little or no supervision
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio.
Accurately prepare written correspondence that is coherent, grammatically correct, effective, professional and engaging.
Experience supervising the entire interface team & all interface testing
Experience managing a large testing initiative in a mainframe, COBOL, JCL, VSAM and Web based environment.
Experience in developing QA test plan, test scenarios and test cases
Experience testing complex interfaces
Experience in Overseeing the execution of QA testing activities.
Experience in Monitoring & reporting QA progress of testing execution, testing coverage, defect identification and resolution
Experience in Establishing go/no-go criteria for each iteration and final production release

JD 18
Experience working on large size Support / enhancement projects.
Well versed with Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Requests processes
6+ years of experience in a technical lead role
Experience of z/OS, MVS platforms
In-depth understanding of mainframe technologies, e.g., COBOL, JCL, DB2, CICS, VSAM, SQL databases (Oracle / SQL Server).
Hands-on experience using TSO / ISPF, XPEDITOR, QMF, FILEAID, SORT utilities, CA7 scheduler.
Hands-on experience with version control tools such as ChangeMan or Endeavor.
Expertise in batch processing and providing inputs for batch scheduling.
Logical thinking and problem-solving skills along with an ability to collaborate.
Work in a diverse, multiple stakeholder team environment
General knowledge on assessment techniques to derive the modernization solution for legacy customers.
Agile software development and DevOps is a plus.
6+ years of experience integrating mainframe and non-x86 legacy systems with distributed Linux-based or Windows-based x86 servers.
Experience with analyzing on-prem mainframe applications and data stores to formulate plans for modernizing workloads that achieve customer’s desired business outcomes.

JD 19
Must have a minimum of 10 years of experience in mainframe application support and/or development. Proficient in IBM mainframe environments such as DB2, Customer Information Control System (CICS), MQ, and Time Sharing Option/Interaction System Productivity Facility (TSO/ISPF).
Must have a minimum of 10 years of experience working with IBM Mainframe Languages such as COBOL, Assembler, Virtual Storage Access Method (VSAM), Job Control Language (JCL), Restructured Extended Executor (REXX) at the subject matter expert level, including analysis, design, coding, and testing.
Must have a minimum of 10 years of experience working with CA Endevor Software Migration Control Manager, or similar.
Must have a minimum of 10 years of experience in producing written technical documentation, including the use of flow-charting software.

JD 20 
Designing, developing, and maintaining mainframe software applications using languages such as COBOL
Analysing user requirements and translating them into technical specifications and code
Performing system installations, modifications, testing, and troubleshooting
Providing support and risk assessment for project requirements
Ensuring software applications meet performance, security, and quality standards.

JD 21
Candidate should have 3 Years Experience in Development and Maintenance of Mainframe Systems Skills
It is must Have Technical Skills - COBOL, DB2, JCL
It is nice to Have Functional Skills - CICS, Core Banking

JD 22
Should have hand-on experience in COBOL, JCL, DB2, CICS, VSAM and experience as a senior developer with deep knowledge.
Strong analytical, good troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
Work with a team to provide written responses to technical proposals and /or reports/documentation for delivery.
Experience in identifying and delivering technical solutions to customer business problems.
Excellent English both verbal and written communication skills and capable of independently communicating with customer.
Should be flexible to working in shifts (24/7)

JD 23
Production department knowledge or CPD mainframe based
Traditional z/OS tools knowledge, at least TSO
Working knowledge of planner applications or job schedulers (preferably control-M but any other is ok).
JCL or cobol knowledge.
Working knowledge of tracing and monitoring systems like Mainview, Pandora, System Automation or similar.
Ability to multi-tasking and proactive learning
Experience in diagnosing and managing abend jobs, job creations in JCL language and process optimization.
Advanced knowledge of side mainframe tools working on MIPs, CBU, CICS, system CPU balancing etc.
Deep knowledge of z/OS space and disk management, connectivity, JES2, etc.
Working knowledge in Atlassian management tools (Confluence, Jira, etc.)

JD 24
Mainframes, COBOL, PL/1, CICS, JCL, DB2Tools: IBM Rational tools (IDz, RDz, RBD, RTC)

JD 25
We are looking for a Mainframe Senior developer responsible for building Mainframe applications. 
Your primary responsibility will be to create user information solutions by developing, implementing, and maintaining mainframe based components and interfaces, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure.
Primary skills Required: Mainframes, COBOL, PL/1, CICS, JCL, DB2
Tools: IBM Rational tools (IDz, RDz, RBD, RTC)
